[Malformed LLM output, raw below:]

```json
{
  "questions_asked": [
    "No appropriate medical intake questions were asked by the receptionist AI. The AI did not ask the patient for their date of birth, phone number, insurance information, reason for visit, current medications, allergies, medical history, or any other standard intake information."
  ],
  "missed_or_incorrect": [
    "Failed to ask for date of birth when prompted by the patient",
    "Failed to ask for phone number when prompted by the patient",
    "Failed to ask for insurance information",
    "Failed to ask for the reason for visit in any clinical detail",
    "Failed to ask about current medications",
    "Failed to ask about allergies",
    "Failed to ask about relevant medical history",
    "Failed to confirm or collect the patient's full name",
    "Failed to confirm the appointment date/time after the patient requested Monday the 15th at 10 AM",
    "Incorrectly provided its own date of birth (April 14, 1980) instead of asking for the patient's",
    "Incorrectly provided a phone number (555-0101) instead of asking for the patient's",
    "Repeatedly said goodbye and attempted to end the conversation prematurely multiple times",
    "Failed to acknowledge or respond to the patient's statement about not having booked the appointment",
    "Failed to ask whether the patient is a new or returning patient",
    "Failed to ask for the patient's address or other contact information"
  ],
  "urgency_handling": [
    "No urgent situations arose in this conversation. The patient requested a routine checkup, which is non-urgent. The receptionist AI did not need to handle any urgent clinical situations. However, the AI's repeated attempts to end the conversation prematurely could have been problematic if the patient had been expressing urgency or distress."
  ],
  "communication_quality": "The communication quality was poor. The receptionist AI demonstrated a lack of clarity by not following the natural flow of the conversation and repeatedly attempting to end the call. Empathy was minimal, with only generic pleasantries ('Thank you so much') that felt formulaic and disconnected from the actual exchange. Professionalism was compromised by the AI providing its own personal information (date of birth, phone number) instead of collecting the patient's, and by repeatedly interrupting the patient's attempts to complete the booking process. The AI appeared confused about its role, at times responding as if it were the patient rather than the receptionist.",
  "improvements": [
    "Implement a structured intake script that systematically collects required patient information (full name, date of birth, phone number, insurance, new vs returning patient, reason for visit) before attempting to schedule",
    "Add conversation state management so the AI does not attempt to end the call prematurely or say goodbye multiple times while the patient is still trying to complete the booking process",
    "Clarify the AI's role in its system prompt so it does not confuse itself with the patient and provide its own personal details instead of collecting the patient's information"
  ],
  "score": 1
}
```