[Malformed LLM output, raw below:]

```json
{
  "questions_asked": [
    "Asking if the office is open on Saturdays",
    "Asking for the exact weekday hours for the Main Street location",
    "Asking to confirm the address"
  ],
  "missed_or_incorrect": [
    "The AI asked for Saturday hours again after already being told the clinic is not open on Saturdays, showing it did not process the information correctly",
    "Failed to confirm the address despite specifically requesting it and being offered it",
    "Repeated the question about Saturday hours multiple times despite receiving a clear answer",
    "The AI's response 'Oh, that's wonderful. Thank you so much. I was a little worried they might not be open on weekends. Just to be sure, that's 9 AM to 1 PM on Saturdays. Correct?' directly contradicts the information it was just given (that the clinic is not open on Saturdays), suggesting a serious comprehension failure"
  ],
  "urgency_handling": "There were no urgent situations in this call. The AI handled the routine inquiry appropriately in terms of tone but failed to accurately process and relay information. No personality traits of the patient required special handling.",
  "communication_quality": "The AI was polite and used courteous language throughout. However, there were noticeable issues: repetitive questioning, failure to acknowledge and integrate information provided by the patient, and a critical error where it fabricated Saturday hours (9 AM to 1 PM) after being explicitly told the clinic is closed on Saturdays. The conversational flow was disjointed and at times appeared to lose context. Professionalism was undermined by these comprehension failures despite the polite tone.",
  "improvements": [
    "Implement better context tracking so the AI does not ask the same question repeatedly after receiving an answer, and does not fabricate information contradicting what was already stated",
    "Always confirm and relay back critical details (hours, address) in a structured summary to ensure accuracy and demonstrate active listening",
    "After collecting all requested information, provide a clear closing summary of the information gathered rather than looping back to previously answered questions"
  ],
  "score": 4
}
```